Update changelog template & example (#117)
camaraproject/ReleaseManagement: documentation/CHANGELOG_TEMPLATE.md

<!--* API-name2 vx.y.z - unchanged-->
<!--In case the repository (and hence its release) contains multiple APIs, list them all here. Also mention if an API in the repository is unchanged. Note: There shall be no "wip" API version in the repository at the time of release.-->

> <!--For any API version, if known, and for public API versions, include the link to the related Commonalities and ICM releases:-->

Reviewer: There is no link (in the sense of URL), so maybe:

```suggestion
<!--For any API version, if known, and for public API versions, include the Commonalities and ICM releases related to the API version (note: add the patch number only if the difference is relevant, otherwise refer only to the major and minor version:-->
```
